Add Lokomotive concepts documentation (#111)
kinvolk/lokomotive: docs/concepts/what-is-a-lokomotive-component.md

> # Lokomotive component

Author: sure, will do that.

`lokoctl` is a command line interface for Lokomotive and its *components*. A component is a
Kubernetes workload which adds functionality to a Lokomotive cluster. Without components, a
Lokomotive cluster is just a barebone kubernetes cluster. In some cases (e.g. bare metal
environments), a Lokomotive cluster may even be unusable without certain components.

Components take care of tasks such as load balancing, monitoring, authentication, storage and
others.

## Categories of Lokomotive components

### User Authentication

> Lokomotive provides [Dex](../component-reference/components/dex.md) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lokomotive provides the [Dex](../component-reference/components/dex.md) and
```

[Gangway](../component-reference/components/gangway.md) components for user authentication via
OpenID Connect (OIDC). With these components, you can securely manage access to the Kubernetes
cluster and resources.

> Lokomotive also provides [cert-manager](../component-reference/components/cert-manager.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lokomotive also provides the [cert-manager](../component-reference/components/cert-manager.md)
```

> component, for automating the management and issuance of TLS certificates from various issuing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lokomotive also provides the [cert-manager](../component-reference/components/cert-manager.md)
component for automating the management and issuance of TLS certificates from various issuing
```

sources.

### Monitoring/Metrics

Lokomotive provides a
[prometheus-operator](../component-reference/components/prometheus-operator.md) component that
creates, configures and manages [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) atop Kubernetes.

> Lokomotive also providers a [metrics-server](../component-reference/components/metrics-server.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lokomotive also provides a [metrics-server](../component-reference/components/metrics-server.md)
```

> component responsible for collecting resource metrics from kubelets and exposing them in Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
component responsible for collecting resource metrics from kubelets and exposing them in the Kubernetes
```

API server through the [metrics API](https://github.com/kubernetes/metrics).

### Storage

> Lokomotive provides [openebs-operator](../component-reference/components/openebs-operator.md) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lokomotive provides the [openebs-operator](../component-reference/components/openebs-operator.md) and
```

[openebs-storage-class](../component-reference/components/openebs-storage-class.md) components to

> use OpenEBS as the block storage solution for Lokomotive cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use OpenEBS as the block storage solution for the cluster.
```

> Lokomotive also provides [rook](../component-reference/components/rook.md) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lokomotive also provides the [rook](../component-reference/components/rook.md) and
```

[rook-ceph](../component-reference/components/rook-ceph.md) components for using Rook as the storage
solution for Lokomotive cluster.

### Load Balancing/Ingress (for Packet platform only)

Lokomotive provides [MetalLB](../component-reference/components/metallb.md) component for load

> balancing and [Contour](../component-reference/components/contour.md) component for ingress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lokomotive provides the [MetalLB](../component-reference/components/metallb.md) component for load
balancing in bare metal environments and the [Contour](../component-reference/components/contour.md) component for ingress.
```

Lokomotive also provides an [external-dns](../component-reference/components/external-dns.md)
component for automatic management of DNS entries for Ingress resources.

### Node management

> Lokomotive provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lokomotive provides the
```

[calico-hostendpoint-controller](../component-reference/components/calico-hostendpoint-controller.md)
component for adding and removing [Calico HostEndpoint

> objects]((https://docs.projectcalico.org/v3.8/reference/resources/hostendpoint)) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
objects](https://docs.projectcalico.org/v3.8/reference/resources/hostendpoint) and the
```

[cluster-autoscaler](../component-reference/components/cluster-autoscaler) component for adjusting
the size of Lokomotive cluster.

### Update

> Lokomotive provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lokomotive provides the
```

[flatcar-linux-update-operator](../component-reference/components/flatcar-linux-update-operator.md)

> component for draining a node before rebooting after a Flatcar Container Linux OS update.

Reviewer: It does more than that, what about:
```suggestion
component for orchestrating updates of the Flatcar Container Linux OS on cluster nodes.
```

	 prometheus-operator
	 rook
	 rook-ceph
	 velero
```

## Installing a component

To install a Lokomotive component, run the following command:

```console
lokoctl component install <component_name>
```

This will take the `kubeconfig` from your cluster asset directory if you run it in the folder of
your cluster configuration files. Otherwise, the default kubeconfig location will be used
(`~/.kube/config`) unless you specify it through the `--kubeconfig` flag or the `KUBECONFIG`
environment variable.

A set of components to install may also be provided in a `.lokocfg` file:

```hcl
component "metallb" {...}

component "contour" {}
```

Specifying components in a `.lokocfg` file also allows passing configuration arguments to components
which support them. See the [documentation](../configuration-guides/components) for individual
components for information about the supported arguments.

To install all the components listed in a `.lokocfg` file, omit the component name:

```console
lokoctl component install
```

>NOTE: `lokoctl` automatically detects all `.lokocfg` files in the working directory. This can be
>used to organize component configuration in separate files.

> ## Rendering component manifests

Reviewer: In #51 I changed this section to show how to render manifests only since now that we use helm the other commands are kinda tricky and we shouldn't mention them to users. I'd like to keep it this way.
